"Space Invaders" Game.
The goal is to destroy 4 rows of aliens, with 14 enemies in each row,
moving horizontally back and forth and descending towards the bottom 
of the screen. The player defeats an alien by hitting it with a bullet 
fired from their spaceship. The enemies require different 
amounts of hits to be destroyed.

    Enemy No. 1: 
	 Requires 1 hit,
    	 Shoots a single bullet,
   	 Destroying it adds 10 points.
   	 Moves regularly from left to right and vice versa, 
gradually lowering its position on the map.

    Enemy No. 2: 
	Requires 1 hit,
  	Shoots two bullets simultaneously,
  	Destroying it adds 20 points.
   	Moves similarly to Enemy No. 1.

These enemies destroy obstacles upon collision and die, and if they 
collide with the player's spaceship,the ship is destroyed.

    Enemy No. 3: 
	Requires 2 hits,
    	Shoots three bullets simultaneously,
    	Destroying it adds 20 points.
    	Moves in the same pattern as other enemies for two rows, 
	then changes its path and circles around the map.

The aliens aim to destroy the player by shooting at them. 
Each hit subtracts one health point from the player and 
when their health points reach zero, the ship is destroyed and 
the game ends in defeat. The player should avoid enemy bullets or 
hide behind "defense positions" generated at the beginning of the game. 
Each defense position has 20 health points, meaning that after 20 hits, 
it is destroyed, and the player loses the shelter. Defense positions 
are vulnerable to both player and enemy bullets.

The player controls the spaceship using the arrow keys: left, right. 
Shooting occurs automatically after the bullet reload time.

Occasionally, a UFO appears at the top of the map, which, when shot down, 
adds 100 points and drops a mysterious package. Upon catching it, 
the player receives one of three possible bonuses:

    Faster bullet reload time,
    Triple shot,
    Addition of one health point.

The player can have a maximum of 3 health points. 
If the player already has three health points, 
the bonus of adding a health point is replaced by a triple shot. 
The game ends in victory after shooting down all the enemies. 
However, if the player loses all their health points, the game ends in defeat.